# PredictionsCreateRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Input** | Pointer to **interface{}** | The model&#39;s input as a JSON object. The input depends on what model you are running. To see the available inputs, click the \&quot;Run with API\&quot; tab on the model you are running. For example, stability-ai/stable-diffusion takes prompt as an input.  Files should be passed as data URLs or HTTPS URLs.  | [optional] 
**Version** | Pointer to **interface{}** | The ID of the model version that you want to run. | [optional] 
**Webhook** | Pointer to **interface{}** | An HTTPS URL for receiving a webhook when the prediction has new output. The webhook will be a POST request where the request body is the same as the response body of the [get prediction](#predictions.get) operation. If there are network problems, we will retry the webhook a few times, so make sure it can be safely called more than once. | [optional] 
**WebhookEventsFilter** | Pointer to **interface{}** | By default, we will send requests to your webhook URL whenever there are new logs, new outputs, or the prediction has finished. You can change which events trigger webhook requests by specifying &#x60;webhook_events_filter&#x60; in the prediction request.  * &#x60;start&#x60;: immediately on prediction start * &#x60;output&#x60;: each time a prediction generates an output (note that predictions can generate multiple outputs) * &#x60;logs&#x60;: each time log output is generated by a prediction * &#x60;completed&#x60;: when the prediction reaches a terminal state (succeeded/canceled/failed)  For example, if you only wanted requests to be sent at the start and end of the prediction, you would provide:  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;json {   \&quot;version\&quot;: \&quot;5c7d5dc6dd8bf75c1acaa8565735e7986bc5b66206b55cca93cb72c9bf15ccaa\&quot;,   \&quot;input\&quot;: {     \&quot;text\&quot;: \&quot;Alice\&quot;   },   \&quot;webhook\&quot;: \&quot;https://example.com/my-webhook\&quot;,   \&quot;webhook_events_filter\&quot;: [\&quot;start\&quot;, \&quot;completed\&quot;] } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  Requests for event types &#x60;output&#x60; and &#x60;logs&#x60; will be sent at most once every 500ms. If you request &#x60;start&#x60; and &#x60;completed&#x60; webhooks, then they&#39;ll always be sent regardless of throttling.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPredictionsCreateRequest

`func NewPredictionsCreateRequest() *PredictionsCreateRequest`

NewPredictionsCreateRequest instantiates a new PredictionsCreateRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPredictionsCreateRequestWithDefaults

`func NewPredictionsCreateRequestWithDefaults() *PredictionsCreateRequest`

NewPredictionsCreateRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new PredictionsCreateRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetInput

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetInput() interface{}`

GetInput returns the Input field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputOk

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetInputOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetInputOk returns a tuple with the Input field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInput

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetInput(v interface{})`

SetInput sets Input field to given value.

### HasInput

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) HasInput() bool`

HasInput returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInputNil

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetInputNil(b bool)`

 SetInputNil sets the value for Input to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInput
`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) UnsetInput()`

UnsetInput ensures that no value is present for Input, not even an explicit nil
### GetVersion

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetVersion() interface{}`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetVersionOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetVersion(v interface{})`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.

### HasVersion

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) HasVersion() bool`

HasVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVersionNil

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetVersionNil(b bool)`

 SetVersionNil sets the value for Version to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVersion
`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) UnsetVersion()`

UnsetVersion ensures that no value is present for Version, not even an explicit nil
### GetWebhook

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetWebhook() interface{}`

GetWebhook returns the Webhook field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWebhookOk

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetWebhookOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetWebhookOk returns a tuple with the Webhook field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWebhook

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetWebhook(v interface{})`

SetWebhook sets Webhook field to given value.

### HasWebhook

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) HasWebhook() bool`

HasWebhook returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetWebhookNil

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetWebhookNil(b bool)`

 SetWebhookNil sets the value for Webhook to be an explicit nil

### UnsetWebhook
`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) UnsetWebhook()`

UnsetWebhook ensures that no value is present for Webhook, not even an explicit nil
### GetWebhookEventsFilter

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetWebhookEventsFilter() interface{}`

GetWebhookEventsFilter returns the WebhookEventsFilter field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWebhookEventsFilterOk

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) GetWebhookEventsFilterOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetWebhookEventsFilterOk returns a tuple with the WebhookEventsFilter field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWebhookEventsFilter

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetWebhookEventsFilter(v interface{})`

SetWebhookEventsFilter sets WebhookEventsFilter field to given value.

### HasWebhookEventsFilter

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) HasWebhookEventsFilter() bool`

HasWebhookEventsFilter returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetWebhookEventsFilterNil

`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) SetWebhookEventsFilterNil(b bool)`

 SetWebhookEventsFilterNil sets the value for WebhookEventsFilter to be an explicit nil

### UnsetWebhookEventsFilter
`func (o *PredictionsCreateRequest) UnsetWebhookEventsFilter()`

UnsetWebhookEventsFilter ensures that no value is present for WebhookEventsFilter, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


